# UNS-CV VAGRANT STAR // 3.02.5014u
Awakening from cryoslumber, temp designation squad **UNS-CV VAGRANT STAR TWO** - **STAR TWO** for short - are brought to speed by a briefing from the ship's commanding officer, **CAPTAIN SAITO.** An ad hoc Union auxiliary squad assembled in the face of an emergency distress beacon to the planet **HERCYNIA** on behalf of the local Union Administrator. A mixed squad from different backgrounds, sharing one commonality: they are all pilots. With a return trip of one year, they would be expected to fend for themselves.

Briefed by **CAPTAIN SAITO** on the situation as they arrived in-system, they were given a brief recap of what was known about the planet, including its history as a **UNION SECOND COMMITTEE** expeditionary campaign and its recent reapproval as a colonization target. Its charter owned by the company **LANDMARK COLONIAL**, any inhabitation is expected to be sparse. As Union auxiliaries, **STAR TWO** was briefed on Union SOP.
1. You may not fire first.
2. You are to put the protection of people above corporate interests.
3. You will prioritize de-escalation, preserve life as best you can, and seek peaceful resolution to conflicts wherever possible.

**STAR TWO** introduced themselves in the communal observation deck. Consisting of a gruff **MUNINN**, an easygoing **ELIGOS**, a mysterious **MIRAGE** and a troublemaking **PERDITION**, the quartet were offered a challenge by the ship's NHP **SAMSON** to participate in a simulated training to ensure their tactics were compatible. Triumphant, they walked away with the promise of a reward from the ship's other pilot squad, **STAR ONE.**

# TRANSIT // 3.03.5014u

# HERCYNIA - EVERGREEN COLONY // 3.04.5014u
