A standard omninet search will not turn up much about Illijah Mikhailov. A truly suspiciously small amount, no childhood social media page, no school graduations or family photos he's been tagged in. Only two things come up without some more intensive effort: The first is a presence showcasing Union Navy recruitment, where a newly minted Illijah is showcased among other cadets in training. The other, a page advertising a social services center that specializes in acclimating diasporans. There's a rather unflattering picture of Illijah alongside one of their social workers, with whipped cream on his nose from over-eagerly indulging in some sugary coffee drink.

Less conventional search methods can turn up a little bit more. Image based searches inform that the strange symbols amidst circuitry on his arm are esoteric alchemy symbols from Cradle mythos. Deeper dives pick up breadcrumbs, trails leading to an advertisement to sell batch data at auction, leftover crumbs of stolen information from hacking work.

Finally, there's two posts on a forum for tattoo and body modification enthusiasts. The first, made by Illijah almost eight years ago, goes into great detail to describe an issue he was having with the programming and rigging of his personal tattoo setup. A couple of posts offer advice on fixing the issue, only for Illijah to respond two hours later with "nvm, i fixed it" and never respond to the thread again, much to the frustration of several subsequent posters having the same technical issue.
